# Guild

So you joined a guild, what do you do next?

There are two main benefits to being in a guild: Raids, Guild Gems,
Gear Sharing.

## Guild Gems

You get guild gems from raids and from daily activities. You can spend
guild gems in the guild store to get shards for characters, some of whom
are unique to the guild store, or gear.

GUILD ACTIVITIES ARE NOT THE SAME AS RAID TICKET CONTRIBUTION!

You can see the daily activity by going to Activities in the lower right
corner of the home screen in-game and using the Guild Activities button.
Every day there is a different activity that will help you to attain
more guild gems. Following is a list of activities, the day it arrives,
and how to maximize your contribution and benefit.

There are tiers to each guild activity that the entire guild contributes
towards. For example, on Tuesday to Wednesday we have the Galactic War
activity. If the entire guild completes 300 Galactic War nodes we
complete Tier V and everyone in the guild earns more guild gems. If the
entire guild completes 450 Galactic War nodes we complete Tier VI and
everyone in the guild earns even more guild gems. The number of guild
gems received is dependent on how much you contributed compared to the
other members of the guild.

The schedule for the guild activities, and what to do for maximum
achievement, is listed on swgoh.gg: https://swgoh.gg/g/activities/

## Raids

Why are you in a guild if you do not want to raid?

### Ticket Contribution

Each member can contribute up to 600 guild tickets each day. If we have
50 guild members all contributing 600 guild tickets each day we can do
2.5 Rancor raids a week, which means more rewards and faster unlocking
of Han Solo.

EVERY GUILD MEMBER SHOULD BE CONTRIBUTING 600 GUILD TICKETS EACH DAY!

Your guild ticket contribution is directly related to your energy
expenditure each day. Let's consider some math. Regular energy recharges
at a rate of 1 every 6 minutes. Cantina energy recharges at a rate of 1
every 12 minutes. This gives us 240 regular energy each day and 120
Cantina energy. On top of that, if you catch each of your free energy
refreshes, that's 135 more regular energy and 45 more Cantina energy
for a total of 540 energy each day. 

You need only one energy refresh from either regular or Cantina energy 
to reach your 600 guild ticket contribution. The purchased refresh can
be as little as 50 purple gems in cost, which you should be getting for
free from arena and daily activities.

THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT CONTRIBUTIONS YOU CAN MAKE TO THE 
GUILD!!

### Rancor Raid

Since we have many good players in the guild, a few of whom can
do the entire Rancor raid by themselves, we don't perform all out
attacks on the Rancor when we launch the raid. 

First, choose a weak 7* character to attack alone. Attack only the side
pigs with him. When he is destroyed, you will be on the board with 0
damage. This enables you to still get rewards even if you can't make the
posted raid time.

Pay attention to the Notes in the Line App for posted Rancor times.

Strategies for the particular raids are posted in their own guides.

### Tank Raid

The tank raid is still a free-for-all when we launch a Tier 6 "Normal"
tank raid. Attack and prevail. Your assistance is appreciated and
mandatory.